MPL review and updates (#585)
axiomhq/docs: query-data/metrics/overview.mdx

## Query metrics

You can query metric data in one of the following ways:

- **Builder**: A visual interface for building queries step by step. For more information, see [Query metrics](/query-data/metrics/query-metrics).
- **MPL**: A text-based query language (Metrics Processing Language) for writing expressive queries directly. For more information, see [Query metrics using MPL](/query-data/metrics/query-metrics-mpl) and [Sample queries](/query-data/metrics/sample-queries).

> - **Skills**: Use the [Query metrics skill](/console/intelligence/skills/query-metrics) to give AI agents the ability to query and explore OpenTelemetry metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Skills**: Use the [Query metrics skill](/console/intelligence/skills/query-metrics) to give AI agents the ability to query your metrics data via API.
- **MCP**: Use the [Axiom MCP server](console/intelligence/mcp-server) to allow an MCP-compatible client to query your metrics data.
```
